Welcome to this module on backgrounds and images. Now that Manuel walked us through the position property
and how we can use it to position elements on our page,
I want to dive back into some important visuals of our page, images and backgrounds. Pretty much any website
has images and backgrounds and it's important that you know how you can style these things,
specifically what we'll have a look at this module is how we can actually use that background property
because there's more than just a color or an image we can set on it. We'll then dive in detail into how
you can style images and background images and we'll also have a look at gradients, what they are and
how you can create both linear and radial gradients and use them on your page
and finally towards the end, I'll also dive into filters,
explain what they are and how you may use them.
So a lot of ground to cover,
let's dive right into it and let's start with that background image we had in our website.